













Seinfeld Shop - Buy Seinfeld Gifts








































































Home


Scripts


Episodes


Characters


Gifts






Share
















Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!




Buy Seinfeld gifts now!


 


















Birthdays,  Anniversaries, Easter baskets, Festivus, yada, yada , yada—it doesn’t matter.  You can buy Seinfeld merchandise no matter what the occasion. We will admit  that buying anything for Festivus is against Frank Costanza’s rules, but we  also won’t tell if you slip a Seinfeld DVD in someone’s stocking!


Here’s to a great  Seinfeld celebration. Why not consider the following gift items? We  promise—from casual fans to the most dedicated diehards, you cannot go wrong  with Seinfeld gift-giving.


Seinfeld DVDs


Amazon.com is the best  resource for individual Seinfeld Season DVDs and Seinfeld – The Complete  Series. Why do we love DVDs as great gifts? They please anyone: dads, uncles,  aunts, brothers, sisters, co-workers—the list is limitless. 
Check out available  DVDs now
!


Seinfeld T-Shirts


Kramer on your chest is a sure crowd  pleaser—chicks will dig it! That’s why it’s the perfect gift for your cousin,  brother, or co-worker that has a great sense of humor. From Kramer, to George,  or the whole gang, there’s a Seinfeld t-shirt to fit anyone’s taste. 
Check out available t-shirts now
!


 


 


 


Seinfeld  Games


We love family gifts, so if you have a special  bunch and need the perfect group gift, consider a Seinfeld board game. Popular  games include Scene It? Seinfeld, Monopoly Seinfeld, Seinfeld Trivia Game by  Pressman Toys, and Seinfeld Clue. Your neighbors need a gift, don’t they? And,  it’s a great housewarming gift, too.


 


Seinfeld  Posters


For the quintessential  Seinfeld fan, a poster is a great way to add a little flair to your office  space, bedroom, or “man cave.” For all the greatest Seinfeld fans, consider  gifting a unique, funny Seinfeld poster. It’s a great gift to consider for gift  exchanges at work, home, or at family functions. 
Check them out now
!






















Home


Full Scripts


Community
 


Episodes Guide
 


Characters Details


Cast Details


Quotes


Seinfeld Gift Shop


Festivus Info


Superman References


Watch Online


Search in site
























 
























Episodes Overview
 | 
Scripts
 | 
Contact


Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com















