













Seinfeld Episode Guide












































































Home


Scripts


Episodes


Characters


Gifts






Share
















Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!




Seinfeld Episode Guide




















Our Episode Guides are  fully comprehensive because they include an overview of each Seinfeld season,  including a complete index of every episode in that corresponding season.  Access scores of full Seinfeld episodes, Seinfeld series information, and  complete Seinfeld seasons right here, right now.


The complete Seinfeld  chronicles are available for every Seinfeld season episode—even if you need the  most detailed information, it’s here. The Seinfeld complete series is  available right now, so be sure to check it out!


Looking for  a great gift idea for the holidays? 
Check out our complete 
Seinfeld Gift Guide right now
! Including 
T-Shirts
, 
DVDs
,  and more!
 






Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 1
In Season 1, viewers  are introduced to the quirks and misadventures of the Seinfeld cast. This  season is famous for unrolling Art Vandelay, George’s famous moniker that  reappears throughout the series. Also, viewers get to know Jerry more, in  context of his crazy friends, and viewers quickly learn he is the voice of  reason amidst the chaos. Season 1 episodes are The Seinfeld Chronicles, The  Stakeout, The Robbery, Male Unbonding, and The Stock Tip. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 2
There’s so much to  love about Season 2 of Seinfeld. Here’s the chance viewers get to actually  become intimate with the quirks and idiocies of the Seinfeld cast. Season 2  consisted of 12 
episodes: The Ex-Girlfriend, The Pony Remark, The Jacket, The  Phone Message, The Apartment, The Statue, The Revenge, The Heart Attack, The  Deal, The Baby Shower, The Chinese Restaurant, and The Bus Boy. Famously in  Season 2, viewers learn about George’s penchant for fancy restrooms (The  Revenge), Elaine becomes a better-developed character through her career as an  editor, and Kramer is—well—just quirky Kramer. Jerry’s suede jacket becomes  compromised, a foreshadowing to “the puffy shirt.” 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 3
Legendary scenes in  Season 3 include Kramer’s disobedience for the law as he urinates in a parking  stall (The Parking Garage). George’s Vandelay moniker reappears as “Vandelay  Industries.” Elaine cracks audiences up with her smooth talking (The Tape).  Jerry also famously gets caught for not returning a book to the library since  1971. Season 3 episodes include The Note, The Truth, The Pen, The Dog, The  Library, The Parking Garage, The Café, The Tape, The Nose Job, The  Stranded, The Alternate Side, The Red Dot, The Subway, The Pez Dispenser, The  Suicide, The Fix Up, The Boyfriend (Part 1), The Boyfriend (Part 2), The Limo,  The Good Samaritan, The Letter, The Parking Space, and The Keys. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 4
Season 4 brought us  Mulva (The Junior Mints) and “They’re real, and they’re fabulous!” (The  Implants). George’s relationship with Susan is introduced and continues to  teeter-totter throughout the season. Season 4 episodes include The Trip (Part  1), The Trip (Part 2), The Pitch (Part 1), The Ticket (Part 2), The Wallet  (Part 1), The Watch (Part 2), The Bubble Boy, The Cheever Letters, The Opera,  The Virgin, The Contest, The Airport, The Pick, The Movie, The Visa, The Shoes,  The Outing, The Old Man, The Implants, The Junior Mints, The Smelly Car, The  Handicap Spot, The Pilot (Part 1), The Pilot (Part 2). 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 5
Most famously, Season  5 gives us “The Puffy Shirt” and Elaine’s back-and-forth relationship with  Puddy. We also learn about George’s poor decision making in life. When he does  everything opposite of what he’d normally do, at Jerry’s nudging, he is  actually quite successful. Season 5 
episodes include The Mango, The Puffy Shirt,  The Glasses, The Sniffing Accountant, The Bris, The Lip Reader, The Non-Fat  Yogurt, The Barber, The Masseuse, The Cigar Store Indian, The Conversion, The  Stall, The Dinner Party, The Marine Biologist, The Pie, The Stand-In, The Wife,  The Raincoats (Part 1), The Raincoats (Part 2), The Fire, The Hamptons, and The  Opposite. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 6
Kramer makes a Jerry  statue out of fusilli pasta (The Fusilli Jerry), plus Kramer develops a man-bra,  or “Bro” and “Mansierre”. And, George’s rocky relationship with Susan becomes  more evident. Season 6 episodes include The Chaperone, The Big Salad, The  Pledge Drive, The Chinese Woman, The Couch, The Gymnast, The Soup, The Mom  & Pop Store, The Secretary, The Race, The Switch, The Label Maker, The  Scofflaw, Highlights of a Hundred (Part 1), Highlights of a Hundred (Part 2), The  Beard, The Kiss Hello, The Doorman, The Jimmy, The Doodle, The Fusilli Jerry,  The Diplomat's Club, The Face Painter, and The Understudy. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 7
George’s engagement to  Susan (and her subsequent death), the legendary Soup Nazi, and Elaine’s dog  annoyance are all part of Season 7. Episodes include The Postponement, The  Maestro
, The Wink, The Hot Tub,, The Soup Nazi, The Secret Code, The Pool Guy, The  Sponge, The Gum, The Rye, The Caddy, The Seven, The Cadillac (Part 1), The  Cadillac (Part 2), The Shower Head, The Doll, The Friars Club, The Wig Master, The  Calzone, The Bottle Deposit (Part 1), The Bottle Deposit (Part 2), The Wait Out,  and The Invitations. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 8
Most famously, Season  8 brings us “yada, yada, yada” (The Yada Yada) and the legendary muffin tops  (The Muffin Tops), where Elaine cannot eat anything but the tops of  muffins—forget about the rest. Season 8 episodes include The Foundation, The  Soul Mate, The Bizarro Jerry, The Little Kicks, The Package, The Fatigues, The  Checks, The Chicken Roaster, The Abstinence, The Andrea Doria, The Little  Jerry, The Money, The Comeback, The Van Buren Boys, The Susie The Pothole, The  English Patient, The Nap, The Yada Yada, The Millennium, The Muffin Tops, and The  Summer of George. 
Read more


Seinfeld epsiodes - Season 9
In the final season of  Seinfeld, we get little nuggets like the catchphrase “Serenity Now” (The  Serenity Now) and Seinfeld Festivus. In Season 9, Kramer meets Merv Griffin and  makes a self-discovery. George is still a sneaky liar as he scrapes to save his  best job yet. Puddy, Elaine’s on-again-off-again boyfriend, reappears in The  Dealership. And finally, Season 9 offers us the Seinfeld season finale.  Episodes include The Butter Shave, The Voice, The Serenity Now, The Blood, The  Junk Mail, The Merv Griffin Show, The Slicer, The Betrayal, The Apology, The  Strike, The Dealership, The Reverse Peephole, The Cartoon, The Strongbox, The  Wizard, The Burning, The Bookstore, The Frogger, The Maid, The Puerto Rican  Day, The Clip Show (Part 1), The Clip Show (Part 2), The Finale (Part 1), and The  Finale (Part 2). 
Read more




This site was mentioned in Chicago's Red Eye newspaper


 






















Home


Full Scripts


Community
 


Episodes Guide
 


Characters Details


Cast Details


Quotes


Seinfeld Gift Shop


Festivus Info


Superman References


Watch Online


Search in site
























 
























Episodes Overview
 | 
Scripts
 | 
Contact


Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com















