













Seinfeld - Festivus for the Rest of Us!








































































Home


Scripts


Episodes


Characters


Gifts






Share
















Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!




Festivus for the Rest of Us!


 














Looking for  a great gift idea for the holidays? 
Check out our complete 
Seinfeld Gift Guide right now
! Including 
T-Shirts
, 
DVDs
,  and more!
 


Do you celebrate  Festivus? Amazingly, Festivus has become “almost” a real holiday in terms of  celebration, rituals, and public following. This holiday is all Seinfeld.  Festivus is not only quirky, but it’s fun too—just like the show itself.


This secular holiday  was co-created by Seinfeld’s Daniel O’Keefe, who was a lead screenwriter for  the popular series. Festivus began as a storyline but soon developed into one  of the great holiday season celebrations. As described by Frank Costanza,  Festivus is “for the rest of us” meaning it is a secular celebration of the  holiday season without any forbearance on religion, commercialism, or  gift-buying.


Did you know the  Festivus holiday was actually real? Daniel O’Keefe’s father, Dan O’Keefe was  the creator of this fun celebration!


When is Festivus?


Festivus is celebrated  on December 23. We first hear about Festivus when Frank Costanza tells Kramer  of how he celebrates the holiday as an alternative to traditional,  commercialized celebrations such as Christmas.


Frank Costanza: Many  Christmases ago, I went to buy a doll for my son. I reached for the last one  they had, but so did another man. As I rained blows upon him, I realized there  had to be another way.

              Kramer: What happened  to the doll?

              Frank Costanza: It was  destroyed. But out of that a new holiday was born: a Festivus for the rest of  us!


The Festivus traditions


Just like any other  holiday celebration, Festivus follows a prescribed series of traditions that  are unique and quite liberating.


The Festivus Pole


The Festivus Pole is a  tradition that began with an aluminum pole. In this tradition, the pole is  simply displayed without any accompanying decoration or fluff. It is a simple  pole that represents the holiday.


The Festivus Dinner


Like any good  celebration, The Festivus Dinner is a tradition that features Feats of Strength  and Airing of Grievances thereafter. Normally, as shown in Seinfeld, a meatloaf  creation is served.


Airing of Grievances


This is the first  tradition to accompany Festivus. The Airing of Grievances follows the  ceremonial dinner, where each person is able to share with any other person  where they feel they’ve been wronged during the current year. While highly  masochistic, it’s still an essential if not mood-ruining part of Festivus.


Frank Costanza: The  tradition of Festivus begins with the Airing of Grievances. I got a lot of  problems with you people! And now, you're gonna hear about it. You, Kruger. My  son tells me your company stinks! You couldn't smooth a silk sheet if you had a  hot date with a babe...I lost my train of thought.


Feats of Strength


In this final  ceremonial stage, Feats of Strength is a breaking-down of authoritative  household power by none other than wrestling. In this concluding tradition, the  head of the household selects any person he or she chooses and must wrestle  them to the floor to end the bountiful celebration. However, the selected  person may decline in the event of extenuating circumstances (broken leg,  double shift at work, an uneasy tummy).


How to Create your Own Festivus!


Need some creative  tips on how to celebrate Festivus at home? Here are three good tips to get  started.




Tip #1: Get your Festivus Pole


Not sure of where to  find a Festivus pole? Look no other than to your local pool supply store. There  you will find a great selection of aluminum poles that work well for your own  Festivus Pole celebration.


Tip #2: Create the perfect Festivus Dinner


Haven’t perfected that  perfect meatloaf recipe? Well, here’s your opportunity to really dazzle your  Festivus guests with the best meatloaf recipe you’ve ever created. Try adding a  little ketchup in your recipe—it’s a crowd favorite, always.


Tip #3: Pick your Grievances


Spend a little time  sorting through your wrongs and make sure you’ve got some mind-clearing,  soul-scrubbing grievances lined up. You do not want to miss out on your one  opportunity to air out when you’ve been crossed. Now is the time. Write your  list now! Even better, keep track of foul behavior throughout the year and have  a mega list ready in December.




Find great Festivus gifts at 
Amazon.com
!


 
 
Amazon.com Widgets






















Home


Full Scripts


Community
 


Episodes Guide
 


Characters Details


Cast Details


Quotes


Seinfeld Gift Shop


Festivus Info


Superman References


Watch Online


Search in site
























 
























Episodes Overview
 | 
Scripts
 | 
Contact


Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com















