













Superman References on Seinfeld








































































Home


Scripts


Episodes


Characters


Gifts






Share
















Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!




Superman References on Seinfeld
















Looking for  a great gift idea for the holidays? 
Check out our complete 
Seinfeld Gift Guide right now
! Including 
T-Shirts
, 
DVDs
,  and more!
 


Is it urban legend, or  is it true? Rumor has it that in every Seinfeld episode, there are Superman  references big and small. Here’s a great way to try your hand at spotting  Superman references in every episode. It’s easy and fun. You’ll be a Seinfeld  Superman expert in no time.


Try looking in everyday places


When trying to find  Superman references while watching your favorite Seinfeld episode, try looking  in common spots to identify observable, tell-tale signs like a blue or red  color schemes. Sometimes, Superman details can be that subtle, so don’t look  for the obvious. For instance, if you take a look at the refrigerator in  Jerry’s apartment, you’ll find a Superman magnet on the front of it starting in  Episode 56 and continuing thereafter.


Have you checked out  Jerry’s stereo shelf? There’s a subtle hint contained on that shelf. We won’t  give it away, but tune into any favorite episode of yours from Episode 81 and  on to find a little Superman souvenir waiting for you.


Jerry’s clothes can  also be a giveaway. There are many instances when Jerry wears blue, red, and  sometimes yellow which are creative yet subtle nods.


Listen for Superman references


Superman can be found  in dialogue, too—so don’t forget to listen carefully. In the past, Jerry has  used vernacular like “Kryptonite”, “Fortress of Solitude” and “The Bizzaros”  which are all slight affirmations to our Man of Steel. Plus, have you ever  heard Jerry reference his like for drawing Lois Lane naked?


Other Places to Find Superman




Backgrounds.
 You might find  Superman in common background areas, or at least the colors, so be sure to keep  your eyes peeled to what’s happening outside of the main scene.






Subtle references.
 These are more  challenging to spot because you’ll have to unlock Elaine, Jerry and George  Superman-esque references. This includes talking about enemies and  acquaintances to include nods to Aqua Man and Elastic Man—and of course, Lois  Lane as well.
























Home


Full Scripts


Community
 


Episodes Guide
 


Characters Details


Cast Details


Quotes


Seinfeld Gift Shop


Festivus Info


Superman References


Watch Online


Search in site
























 
























Episodes Overview
 | 
Scripts
 | 
Contact


Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com















