













Buy Seinfeld DVD








































































Home


Scripts


Episodes


Characters


Gifts






Share
















Click Here to join our new Seinfeld's fans community!




Buy original Seinfeld DVDs now!


 
















Seinfeld –The Complete Series DVD


Interested in picking  up Seinfeld –The Complete Series DVD Collection? We don’t blame you! It’s  packed with great features, including bonus content, and what’s more, you’ll  have access to Seinfeld 24/7. Now that’s comedy on demand! Get Seinfeld  complete series in one convenient package.


Whether you want to  build your Seinfeld collection from scratch, or if you’re just adding DVDs  season-by-season, you don’t want to miss out on Amazon’s specials on Seinfeld  DVDs and Boxsets.


Each Seinfeld DVD set  features episodes restored to their original running time with absolutely no  commercial interruption. You no longer have to depend on faded TV versions that  are trimmed and out of series order. The Seinfeld series DVDs are condensed  chronologically so it’s very easy to follow the natural development of the  show.


Individual Season Box Sets


If you already have a  few Seinfeld seasons lying around, complete your collection by purchasing your  missing seasons at Amazon.com. You can hand-pick your favorite seasons  including Seasons 1 & 2 which introduced us to Art Vandalay, Season 4,  which brought us Mulva, and even Season 7, which gave us the legendary Soup  Nazi. Make sure your Seinfeld collection is complete—you never know when you’ll  crave a dose of crazy Kramer making Jerry Fusilli all over again!


 
 
Amazon.com Widgets


Seinfeld – The Collection


For those who want to  build their Seinfeld collection from scratch, there’s no better way to do so  than with Amazon’s Seinfeld – The Collection DVD set. Every single  stitch-busting episode is included, as well as bonus features not found  anywhere else.


The Seinfeld Boxset  contains a two-part series titled The Roundtable: The Cast of Seinfeld and  Larry David. In this candid conversation, viewers are invited to see Seinfeld  for its creative genius, right from the source: Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld.


Plus, with added  content from Jason Alexander, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and Michael Richards, it’s  worth every penny. The Roundtable marks the very first time the group has come  together after completing the series, so it’s just as special as it is  interesting and comedic. Go ahead—buy Seinfeld now! This DVD collection is a  must-have for the diehard fan.


 
Amazon.com Widgets






















Home


Full Scripts


Community
 


Episodes Guide
 


Characters Details


Cast Details


Quotes


Seinfeld Gift Shop


Festivus Info


Superman References


Watch Online


Search in site
























 
























Episodes Overview
 | 
Scripts
 | 
Contact


Copyright 2002-2011 SeinfeldScripts.com















